I opened the project folder we created 50 views Seelye in the last lecture.
This view Fromberg intro folder with web store.
The idea I'm using in this course.
Now you don't have to use web store and you could use Microsoft which has to do code or is some popular
editors like sublime or Adam in whichever editor you open this you'll see a couple of files and two
folders.
The node modules folder here simply holds all the dependencies which were installed and you might be
shocked if you have a look at it.
There are a lot of dependencies but no worries.
Pretty much all of them are only required during development.
So for our workflow to function correctly I'm going to say some words about this workflow in the next
module but also in a few seconds the source folder is where we hold our actual view Chia's application.
And you see that we here have two files and diasters folder where you can store assets like images you
want to use and your app wrap the main.
Yes.
And the App Store view files.
Now Dot the view that's a strange file extension and I'll have a lecture on this in one of the next
lectures where I will dive deeper into that file.
Gotcha.
Yes basically is the first file we load and our app the first fall we start with and what we do here
is for one we import view and we imported it like this because we're using NPM as a package manager.
So Vue wasn't Dete installed as a dependency Office project and therefore we can't easily imported like
this.
So that replaces our old import from the Cdn.
Now importing it from our local node modules folder with with that command and app.
Well that's simply inboards something from that or the view file.
And I'll come back to this.
You'll see we don't need a new view instance we control an element with an idea of app and just render
function is new but it basically just renders whatever is in this episode view file to the DOM.
And again I will come back to this.
Now the other files are mainly there for configuration.
However interesting to us the index H-G a mouthful.
There's just a single page of our single page application and this file here actually has a normal HVM
skeleton but then it has two very interesting things.
Does Dave with the idea app which we control here and then does import based builds start.
Yes.
Now we don't have a disk folder here but in the end web page Debo tool they're using in the set up will
create one single Builth dot Chia's fall.
So it will Bonnell our application which consists of multiple files to already into one single stripped
Folland DND and stored in a disk folder.
However since we're running in development mode with NPM run death which we ran and which is running
down there in an integrated terminal in my ID in this development mode the disk folder is created in
memory only.
So that is why we don't see it.
If you were to run another script which you could find in the package or Chaisson NPM run build then
you would actually physically create dead disk folder and that disk folder would hold all the files
you need to deploy to a real server.
If you want to run your app on a real server deadest a single page application I was referring to and
you will only need a server which is able to host the static files because there is no server side code
in the far end deploy its only a HMO and a script file in the end.
A couple of assets may be noted were in this package Duchessa fall already.
You can see we got a couple of development dependencies and one production dependency the one production
dependency really is just the view framework develop and dependencies are all only needed during development.
As the name implies and basically here we have Web pig we have some Lowder's for web pick.
Again more on web pegan the module author through this one.
And with that we're able to write code in a very comfortable way we can split it over multiple files
and we can use some extra features like SAS.
So this is as preprocessor at least if people have installed it during the setup of the project.
And with Babel we can also use it as six.
So next the next version of javascript and it will be transported to iOS 5 for us.
So that what we shipped to the browser will run in all browsers and not just in the most recent ones.
Well the other Fahd's like Westpac conflict touchiest simply just configure our development workflow
and I won't dive into this right here.
But in the next module.
So that is what was created by Seelye we will work in the source folder.
And I'd say Why don't we have a look at that strange app dot view followed in the next lecture.